All right welcome back my sister.
And so if you test this out in the last lecture you know he works right so we can we can see right here
that it does work.
All right
but we don't have a post do we.
So let's go in and create a pause for a quick impose.
Let's create one.
And my first post is a good name for it.
You don't have a category for it.
And
this created an image here and I love this post
.
All right.
So there should be Post Number one right.
Let's see if we can return some data from it.
Let's find the post post fine or fail read id number one.
And let's just return the polls and see where we
post.
There we go see the post.
Cool.
So now all we gotta do is go on The View and start modifying it.
So you're going to say
let's go back here to the routes real quick.
Let's actually wrap this up and create a
a nice neat named route.
Let's create a route actually for a name route.
So we're going to call this whole post and we're going to say uses this controller.
OK.
So if we go to the HP is and route list we can see that our home pulse is right there is a good recourse
.
All right and this is the you or I.
Cool.
All right.
So let's go back.
That's not it.
Sorry it was a controller.
So we're going to return the view where there is a pause right here and then we're going to pass and
post.
OK.
Let's go to that you real quick.
That's not the view that's the.
And we go.
All right so now what we've got to do is go back to lay out and lay outs here and copy everything from
this column right here.
This is the content.
So let's find out where it ends.
I think it's right here.
And let's just get everything everything.
I think I just sound like that's funny.
All right.
Right here.
And I might just do that.
Analysts feel that.
Here we go.
This will be the content.
Let's go back to polls and less They saw that in there.
All right let's go back here real quick.
And I think so.
Oh and fix this here make sure that you don't have that mistake there that could cause an issue.
All right.
So let's go back in here.
As you can see this is what we got.
All right.
That's because we have no style.
Sir I.
So go back to admen Bley and copy this little guys right here.
Go back to blog post and we're going to post them paste them right there.
Go back to me again real quick.
Make sure you have your say.
Yes.
And back here
we go.
All right cool.
So now if you go back everything should start taking place.
Everything is good.
All right.
So we have a post-Idol.
They would be nice if we can
retrieve it.
So let's go back to and check it out real quick let's just go to impose controller and we're passing
the object already so all we have to do here is
use Bley equals title answer.
And as you can see change.
All right.
So the next election want to continue with this when I keep actually making this more dynamic.
We've got to take a lot of them out of here and replace them with BHB data from the database.
Thank you so much and I'll see you in the next lecture.